bicha boy clutch out here showing you my
next video a recreation of the 98 finals
Michael Jordan last shot as you all know
he stole the ball from Karl Malone
crossed over Russell pushed off yeah he
pushed off and took the jumper ra
attempt number one and that wasn't it
okay so the way I have to do it is I had
to cross up Russell and push off right
there who I'll just lose the ball right
there on attempt number two okay here
I'm on Russell ah jeez I need rustled up
to play tight needs to play tight into
my face so I can just like cross them up
I mean need to get that push off
animation it's kind of hard to like
describe whoa is it that crossover well
anyway the animation I'm trying to get
is pretty hard to actually describe but
like once you see it then you know it
you know it so is my favorite animation
all of the booklet like two cakes but it
doesn't work too well to gate 15 because
you can't shoot and nobody has the UH
what's it called - like Dead Eye badge
anyway all Everly's go ouch anyway it's
the tip number ten and Russell is
playing great Dion you Oh excellent knot
right there though we need to play tight
he needs to play tight no that's not the
animation it's not the animation like
when you see it you spin move ooh runner
oh wow wow
they'll call nothing Oh Dave they strip
the ball for me jeez Russell is good D
Ross has underrated D oh no that's a
three point or two and I still make it
whatever I need to try to push off oh I
almost got it right there I almost got
it
and was god you guys probably have no
idea what I'm talking about but once you
see it ooh
oh but once you see it you'll just know
like it's just there I promise all right
F release you know how I love the f
releases I love the Epley is almost as
much as I love my subs whoa bad way you
know I'm doing fancy highlights but
that's not what I'm trying to do or what
the mission is up as a goal is to try
and get what's gonna call it no I'm
double teamed
I'm double teamed I had to pass out of
the sky
alright let's just try again let's try
this again time number 21 here we go
here we go I'm double team again No ah
now I hate being double-teamed to Gaelic
es that never pass the ball alright jump
ball Jordan vs. stump Deuteronomy that
guy is not Stockton I guess I support
chip
whoo I got the jump ball let's go don't
know why I do with you guys that hook
whatever tap number 22 good close-up by
Russell all right end em 20 Jordan oh oh
that wasn't it but look nice number 24
Kobe up Kobe Oh brick to brick city all
right come let's go come on that wasn't
it when you guys see it you'll know
you'll know instantly you'll know
instantly it was my favorite animation
to day 13 oh oh oh geez double team by
crazy all right a top number 27 here we
go come on
oh that is not it Oh all right let's try
and do this try and get this done whoo
that little crossover action right there
but George cannot shoot breezy Oh Oh
like I really
whoo-hoo jeez I've been better whoo oh
oh
dad good deed good deed good deed good
deed
all right is it gonna be this one come
on come on nope nope oh boy oh boy try
again some resistant numbers it's all
iced up isolation ten number 32 come on
let's go Jordan coming down come on Oh
in this is what I'm talking about look
at that Oh with the push off a little
bit with the hand in slow motion look at
this he just crosses up Russell with the
hand right he's out of hand
ooh that's a push up pull up hey that's
it all right guy clutch signing out and
hope you guys enjoyed this video please
subscribe to my channel
ready also please please please drop a
like it helps a lot and share this video
to your friends if you enjoy it
alright guys there's a clutch signing
out peace up y'all have a good day